Consent for Activity Participation
I grant permission for XXXX to participate in the Vacation Bible School at Crosspoint Church on Jun 15, 2026 - Jun 19, 2026 from 8:45am - 12:45. I also expressly assume all risks of the child whether such risks are known or unknown to me at this time. I further release Crosspoint Church and its ministers, leaders, employees, volunteers, and agents (“sponsors”) from any claim that my child or I may have against them as a result of injury or illness incurred during the course of participation. 

Consent for Transportation
I grant permission for my child to be transported to and from activities sponsored by Crosspoint Church that are located off church property. All transportation will be provided by adult sponsors who have completed a volunteer driver information form, and demonstrated responsible driving practices.

Consent for Photography
I give my permission for my child’s photograph to be taken by Crosspoint Church event sponsors solely for the purposes of slide shows, student photo albums, bulletin boards, Crosspoint Church facebook page and webpage.

Consent for Medical Treatment
I authorize Crosspoint Church event sponsors to dispense to my child the prescription drugs and/or over the counter medications listed below in accordance with the instructions provided on the label. In case of sudden illness or accident to my child requiring immediate treatment, I authorize Crosspoint Church sponsors to take such action as deemed appropriate to protect the health and physical well being of my child. This authority extends to any physician(s) selected by the event sponsors. I understand that in case of emergency, every effort will be made to contact me (and/or the emergency contact designated below), and that I will be financially responsible for any treatment administered to my child.

Code of Conduct
Both participant and parent(s) or guardian(s) certify they have read the Youth Code of Conduct, and understand that failure to abide by its guidelines may result in parent being summoned to remove participant from the retreat/activity, or possible suspension from participation in future retreats and/or youth group activities.


I am fully and personally responsible for my child's own safety and actions while and during my child's participation in the stated camp/trip/event/activity and I recognize that my child may be in any case be at risk of contracting COVID-19, injury, loss, or death.

With full knowledge of the risks involved, I hereby release, waive, discharge Crosspoint Church, its board, officers, independent contractors, affiliates, employees, representatives, successors, and assigns from any and all liabilities, claims, demands, actions, and causes of action whatsoever, directly or indriectly arising out of or related to any loss, damage, injury, or death, that may be sustained by my child while participating in any activity while in, on, or around the premises or while using the facilities.

I agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Crosspoint Church from and against any and all costs, expenses, damages, lawsuits, and/or liabilities or claims arising whether directly or indirectly from or related to any and all claims made by or against any of the released party due to injury, loss, or death of my child.

I give my permission to Crosspoint Church sponsors to take action as deemed appropriate to protect the health and physical well being of my child. This permission extends to any physician(s) selected by the event sponsors. I understand that in case of emergency, every effort will be made to contact me, and that I will be financially responsible for any treatment adminstered to my child.

Photo/Video Permission: I hereby grant Crosspoint Church permission to use my child(ren)'s photo/video in Crosspoint Church's promotional broadcast, telecast or print media free of charge.
